Please feel free to leave any notes here on anything you may have done
differently or anything you might have implemented if you had more time!

------------------------------- NOTES ----------------------------------

Summary:

It was a very enjoyable technical experience! I had a lot of fun playing around
with what was available and creating this application! Given the 4 hours, I first
assessed what were the high impact items I could deliver, what deliverables were
the most imperative, and what kind of product could lend itself to be a minimum
viable product. I did a walkthrough of the code provided and made notes of the
architecture and worked out a flow for my intended application. It was my belief
that I could create good lazy load of the paginated results, a filter on search, 
favoriting and unfavoriting, and routing to the favorite page was the best way 
to make use of the 4 hours.

Functionalities and UX:
 - The application lazy loads 10 results at a time on scroll to the bottom until 
 the end of the data. 

 - It will filter on search and present the resultcards. 
 
 - Every result can be favorited by the add button on each Card and subsequently 
 can be removed by the  toggled subtract button. These actions will increase or 
 decrease the favorite  counter. The button to the left of the favorite counter 
 and the counter itself will route to the favorite page and display only 
 favorited players. Removing the  favorited player will remove them from the page. 
 A back button is provided to bring the user back to the home page. Players are sorted
 by favorite.

 - All favorite items are persisted in the json-server
 
 - There is an edit button to show what the UI could look like, but no functionality 
 was added beyond a log to the console.

Wish to improve on if given more time:
1. A small clear all button functionality via 'x' for the filter search
2. A sticky navigation bar with search on scroll down of the results
3. Background of players be given their team's logo and colors
4. Sort so favorites are moved to the top of the application
5. Edit player attributes with a modal form 
6. Drag and Drop the cards to sort